If you feel itchy one day,
throw some rats here,
How many people will die?
So,
you won't die
you won't die.
Mr. Huo, harmony is the most important.
The most important thing
the most important thing is not to hurt harmony.
Father, Mother.
Where did you go?
It’s in the village.
What’s wrong?
Say something.
I haven't memorized the book.
Someone put it in front of our house.
What is this?
Gold, silver, jewelry.
Jewellery?
Who is it?
Who will send it to our house?
A betrothal gift.
A betrothal gift?
Who?
Silly girl, hire someone else's daughter.
Put the jewelry in front of our door.
Stop pretending. Tell me the truth.
How would I know?
You're not the one
by you.
I didn't.
I believe her.
Everyone knows she's your daughter.
Only Shangguan Eagle dares to mess with her.
That's right.
What?
This is for you.
Big guy.
Who gave it to you? Who are you giving it to?
Go.
Hurry up.
I know.
This is not over.
Come out, big guy!
Come out!
Big guy.
Ni, you're here.
Take your stuff.
Who asked you to give them?
Why did you give them away? What do you mean?
Listen, this is not over.
How dare you bully me?
Baoni.
Why are you so angry?
What is it? Ask him.
What did he do?
Nothing.
Tell me if you have anything.
I'll beat him up for you.
I won't tell you.
Close the door. Someone broke in.
There are so many demons. We can't get out.
You, over there.
Over there!
Oh no.
They must have found them.
Let's go.
Check every corner carefully.
This way.
Report.
Military war report.
No. 1 sent a telegram saying
the Japanese withdrew overnight.
Why did they retreat?
Brigade Commander!
Lingdang, why are you here, Brigade Commander?
Lingdang, I heard...
I heard my brother got infected, right?
Brigade Commander, I only have my brother and me.
Brigade Commander.
Brigade Commander has sent someone to Luoyang.
If we can get the medicine back,
you must save your brother first.
Don't lie to me. I know.
Once this disease is infected, we're dead.
Brigade Commander, I beg you.
I'm begging you for one thing.
Please let me take care of my brother.
He's my only family.
Brigade Commander.
You don't know.
my brother and I escaped from Shanxi.
He was the one who took care of me.
Without my brother, I would have died long ago.
I only have one family now.
I beg you, Brigade Commander.
Brigade Commander, Lingdang, get up.
I beg you, Lingdang.
Let me take care of him.
Let me die with him.
I beg you.
Brigade Commander, how about...
Lingdang.
If I do as you say,
do you know how many people will die with him?
Let me ask you.
If you were me,
what would you do?
Take him out.
Brigade Commander! Lingdang! Lingdang!
Get up.
Please let me go. Let's go.
Why?
Why did the Japanese withdraw?
Come in.
Don't be afraid.
We are Chinese.
We're all patients here.
You won't survive even if you run in. Let's go.
What do you think, Mr. Huo?
Do you accept the condition of the army or not?
That’s it.
You have prepared
and money.
We'll follow you.
Deal.
Let's go.
Major.
What do you think
the possibility of them joining the Imperial Army?
Not sure yet.
Huo Lang is too arrogant.
But everyone has weaknesses.
I'll have them arrested now.
No, let them go.
Go ahead.
Change the vaccines and antidote
to the origin.
Master Xi, are you looking for me?
How is everyone?
I'd rather watch them die on the battlefield.
I...
I don't want to see them suffer here.
This is the battlefield.
Since the day the Japanese entered China,
China is a battlefield.
Master Xi, it's my fault.
I put you in a dilemma.
Please forgive me.
Because you all know
I'm a national army.
I didn't understand before.
Now I understand.
I always thought it was gun to protect our country.
Now I know
it depends on people and people to protect our country.
From now on,
I’m no longer the National Party.
Remember,
no matter how we fight,
the brothers and family behind us
is the first person we should protect.
Got it.
Get ready.
Find some good guys
with the best ones.
If necessary,
we can help Wu Zhen and Miss Leng at any time.
Yes.
Stop!
This is my address.
I'm free this afternoon.
Come and visit me when you're free.
Who is it?
How was it today?
Two Japanese came today.
I don't understand Japanese
He took blood and measured his body temperature.
It's been a while.
I'm pissed off.
Silly boy.
Let's see how Sister Eagle and the others will deal with you.
What is it?
Where did you find it?
Next to the blacksmith warehouse.
Why are you going there?
You're driving me crazy. Tell me.
Can't I just go out for a walk?
Who said you can't go out?
Then go somewhere bright.
Look at the place you're wandering.
It's so crowded.
There are all kinds of people in the fortress now.
What if we run into bad people?
Stop yelling at her.
Isn't she at the age to run around?
The older, the more unruly she is.
From now on, you are not allowed to leave the room.
It's just a gun.
Don't make a fuss.
Brother, this is serious.
The man who defected to the enemy
was killed by a spear.
And there are traces of gunpowder
there are traces of gunpowder shooting.
It might be the weapon to silence him.
The guns on the mountain
are managed by Liu.
Let's check
We'll know who used this gun.
Brother.
Where are we going?
a few tails are following us.
I feel so bad.
If they're not tired, let them follow.
and protect us.
Isn't it good?
Move aside
Move!
Hurry up.
Brother, it seems that the Japanese
to take action.
I'll take a look.
Why are we here?
It's messy. The messier the better.
Let's go back.
Let's go.
The troops have been transferred to the South Bay of Luo He.
Colonel.
I saw soldiers moving in the city.
I wonder if there's a military operation.
Tawahara-san, you came at the right time.
I received a strange letter this morning.
Look.
Where did you get this letter?
It was at the Staff Department.
What's wrong, Tawahara-kun?
Is something wrong?
You brought this letter here.
You suggested
to deploy troops to guard the South Bay of Luo He.
Have you thought about it?
to deploy troops to guard the South Bay of Luo He?
This is to tell them
the South Bay of Luo River is the most important place
is the most important place.
What they want most now
is the base of bacteria transmission.
Then,
they'll know everything.
Tawahara-san, don't worry.
We have the Ghost Alliance's defense.
Even if they know the exact location,
they can't destroy it.
Tell Huo Lang
Ask them to go to the South Bay of Luo He to get the medicine.
Yes, I'm on it.
Colonel, I request to deploy the artillery
to guard the north shore of Luo He.
Mr. Tian Yuan, what do you mean?
Since the location is exposed,
why don't we play along?
The disease in Fengpo Mountain is enough.
The most useful drug
is medicine.
Our army soldiers
have been vaccinated.
They're fine.
Spread the news of drugs in the lab.
and let them take it.
By then,
I will catch them all
I will catch them all.
As Tawahara said,
Do it now!
Yes.
Looks like our opponent is really hard to deal with.
Are you prepared for this?
I have noticed it.
For example, the lab at Fengpo Ridge
is a bait for them.
But the Chinese army hasn't done anything yet.
They even touched the abdomen of Fuyang.
There is no secret between China and Japan.
Although we can win several battles in the end,
but the damage data is getting bigger.
The National Party
only fought with the Imperial Army.
But our heavy weapons
is decisive.
With our intelligence and communication advantages,
Winning a battle is a piece of cake.
Their playing style is completely different.
Our information
We can't catch up with their speed of changing the style.
I don't know where they'll attack.
What will they do?
You mean
the Communist Party is our biggest rival?
and a strong opponent.
In Shaanxi,
I can guess
the way Cui Wenkui from Yuxi independent Brigade did.
But for those
who seem not that powerful,
but I couldn't find any clues.
Even every carefully designed of mine
all my carefully designed designs.
Our opponent is too powerful.
Can you win?
Please rest assured.
In Shaanxi,
I have found a suitable candidate.
He worked for the empire.
Then he fled to Shanzhou.
and became a swordsman of Qinglong Hideout.
This is a great opportunity given by God.
I've taken action.
I'll make him work for us again.
Sorry.
I caught a cold outside.
But the Eight-horn Lotus can't help coughing.
The Eight-horn Lotus can save us.
Come in.
The famous Eight-horn Lotus.
Secret Flower, a military agent.
It's one person.
I didn't expect
It's not a big deal.
We're all walking in the dark.
Let's cut to the chase.
Let's talk about the mission first.
Okay.
The order I received
is to cooperate with you.
What do you need me to do now?
I want to know
where the Japanese mice vaccine was stored.
I've been investigating this.
But the Japanese are heavily guarded.
We still haven't found the exact location.
Like this.
The frontline troops have moved
according to your order.
We can see that
the Japanese are retreating in an orderly manner.
Do you know why the Japanese retreat?
Because they used
that even they fear.
Bacteria!
Send a message to the frontline.
If we find any Japanese who withdrew from the front line,
or refugees,
or refugees.
Brigade Commander.
Are you talking about refugees?
Am I not clear enough?
Sir.
A call from the head office of the first battle.
Zhang Gongyun's army retreated in Yiyang.
When we retreated along the frontline of Shanzhou,
there were thousands of bandits
over 10,000.
Jang Gong Yeon's army was robbed.
and lost countless weapons.
and caused great loss
to the army.
I order the troops to wipe out the bandits.
and retrieve the weapons.
I'm No.30 Star Lu.
Brigade Commander, don't be angry.
What should we do next?
Zhang Gong Yan, you bastard!
In the thirty-three people's grassland,
The high axe
Travel 72.
Come with me to Qinglong Camp.
Thank you, boss.
What's your name?
Call me Yang.
Do you know what this place is?
Why are we here?
I know.
How long have you been locked up?
For a month.
They're all civilians.
The gun was found here.
Yes.
This gun is not in your account book.
No.
Boss.
I looked around.
They said there was no suspicious person.
Give me a few days.
I will find out the truth.
No need.
Because of a spear that can’t be explained clearly,
the whole village
the whole village.
No, boss.
If I don't figure this out,
I won't be able to stay here anymore.
half a kilo.
Alright. Dismiss.
There's nothing to see.
Big man, go back to the warehouse
and check all the guns again.
half a kilo.
I trust you.
He never suspected you.
Why don't you understand?
I understand.
But I'm in charge of the guns in the fortress.
I can’t be so confused about this.
half a kilo.
Tell me.
why the Japanese
in Qinglong Camp?
because they're afraid that
Yes.
He's afraid of us swordsmen.
He's afraid that our army and the Eight Army
to form a force
to fight against their invasion.
and turn the mountain of three crows into their graveyard.
A gun was lost here.
They want us to suspect each other.
and panic.
But I just won't let them have their way.
I knew it.
Jang Gong-yeon reported Choi Moon-Kui.
They're having a fight.
Let's watch the show.
This is far from enough.
Colonel.
I'm no longer useful in Fuyang.
Please allow me to return to Shanzhou immediately.
to enhance the hatred
and the swordsman.
Stop the alliance between the swordsmen and the army.
Once it's the best time for the Imperial Army to attack,
I'll inform the colonel immediately.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Why are you here
What brings you here?
Captain Zhu.
Madam, we must
discuss this matter.
Do you think there's still room for discussion?
You want me to agree
to attack Black Tiger Mountain?
No.
This is just a temporary measure for the higher-ups.
Just ask Wu Zhen to give me the gun.
My son-in-law, Wu Zhen,
from the deserter.
Right? Not bad.
He even went to the county before.
and discussed with you.
You agreed, right?
Yes.
As the Brigade Commander of the army, you should know
Who did you tie this button with beforehand?
You should solve it with someone later.
I can’t go to Young Master when I work.
and find your father-in-law.
Who do you want to use to suppress?
Boss.
I know an independent Brigade in Yuxi
than you.
But now this thing has
that I can’t control.
But I believe
you can convince Wu Zhen.
I heard that Wu Zhen
took two groups of equipment
from your army.
My Qinglong Fortress with a knife
is the regular army of your army.
I'm afraid it's not that easy
to destroy Black Tiger Mountain.
That's why I came up here.
I don't want us to kill each other.
Do you understand that?
Of course.
But you broke your promise.
I had no choice.
I can only think of this perfect plan.
That’s one thing.
I have 100,000 people
is to distinguish right from wrong.
As the Patriarch,
I’m not so stupid
to break my own rules.
Second,
Among your army,
in your army.
But what did you do?
You compromise
with these troublemakers.
Brigade Commander Cui.
As a swordsman,
I know that no matter what the truth is,
You should understand this.
I've said it more than once.
When I get rid of the Japanese,
I'll deal with these crooks.
Do you believe that?
Madam.
I’ve been patient.
I don't know what I did wrong.
From the first time you met me,
I knew you had prejudice against me.
Have you heard of the people's songs?
What song?
I'd rather fight with the devil
and stop the army from stationing.
I have never done anything
to the people.
You said you didn't care about trifles
you don't care about trifles.
But actually...
Of course, you can say that.
No military power, no supplies.
Without arms,
without arms?
Look at the Communist Party.
What do they have?
They only have one life.
They have a head that would rather die than surrender.
So the people they came here
whether they are officials or soldiers,
I will respect them.
As long as they say hello to me,
I'll hold a knife
and fight with them.
But what about you?
You're either corrupt or fighting in your den.
How can you beat the devil?
Don't say anything else.
I have a clear conscience in fighting demons.
Young man,
I believe you have some blood.
But before that,
you have to have humanity.
You can't tell right from wrong.
You want me to join you?
Madam.
Power.
It’s better to take the advantage.
Although I’m not a noble,
but I'm educated.
I know clearly
which is more important.
Major.
Did you do as I said?
Don't worry.
We have planted
in his body.
In the past two days,
there's no condition
there's no condition.
Yes.
What is it?
Nothing.
I promised your father to take good care of you.
So I came to see you.
You don't have to.
I don't understand what you're talking about.
But why did you bring me here?
I said I'd show you the world.
Don't you like studying?
This article
is written by
of Japan.
is highly admired by the Emperor and the military.
It's up to you whether you admire him or not.
But I want to ask you.
Since you're Asia,
how can we share the glory of the Great East Asia?
Isn't that a lie?
Asia is to improve
to improve.
is our Great Japan Empire.
and set an example for the surrounding countries.
Self-contradiction.
You're still young.
There are things you don't understand.
It's not that I don't understand.
but the prestige of China.
There is no such thing.
[Don't be sad about what you like.]
You are not inferior when you meet strong and weak.
No matter how weak China is,
we won't look down on ourselves
because we are Chinese.
Look at the so-called Empire of Japan.
Because others are strong,
I want to change my name.
That's all I don't understand.
I don't want to understand either.
Interesting.
Who did you learn these from?
The people around you.
are all your people.
To be honest,
no matter who you contact,
anyone who tries to
against the Japanese army
will never end well.
I hope you take care of yourself.
Long Yue.
Brother.
Are we just going to stay like this?
What do you want to do?
Brother.
If it doesn't work,
let's go back.
Every day,
I'm almost sick.
You're fine.
Where are you sick?
Brother, what they said makes sense.
We can't find Wu Zhen here.
What are we doing here?
What are we doing?
Just find something.
Sit there.
Let's talk.
For example, when Wu Zhen is in danger,
someone has to take the blame.
Are you going to take the bullet?
How should I put it?
We are both swordsmen of Yuxi.
We can't let our brothers die.
and do nothing.
But I think
I'm not that close to him.
Zhi Ling, what about you?
Long Yue.
I have nothing to say
I have nothing to say.
But Wu Zhen,
I might not be able to save him if I hesitate.
If you hesitate, you won't be saved.
Wu Zhen died.
Don't you regret it?
Of course, we will.
Of course not.
He must be upset.
Look at you three.
You're old.
You don't even understand this?
Why is Wu Zhen here?
He’s here to win face for us.
Since we’re here,
If we don't make some noise,
and the Japanese.
How can we live up to the name of Yu Xidao?
So we have to wait.
Wait
Hurry.
Miss, it's you.
Put your gun away.
Miss, come in.
Miss.
I know them.
I want to ask them something.
Take a seat.
You're welcome.
Brother.
Tell me whatever I ask you.
Got it.
Yes.
What do you want to do following us all day?
We were ordered to follow you
to follow you.
to hear something from you.
But I didn't hear anything.
You just want to know what we were talking about.
That's easy.
Let me tell you.
What do you want to know?
No, no.
I won't tell the Royal Army anything.
Brother.
Stop fighting!
Get up.
Let me tell you.
I only care about ghosts, not the royal army.
Understand?
We're all demons.
Isn't that quite clear?
We came from Shaanxi
because the Japanese
what disease was it?
Big brother, the plague.
Yes.
Rat plague.
We're here for the medicine.
There's a Japanese here called Tachihara.
Masao Tahara.
Yes, Masao Tahara.
You know it well.
Fool.
Come here, boss.
Brother.
Let's go.
It's really hard to invite a god.
Brother.
If you teach him a lesson today,
he won't really
bring troops to attack Black Tiger Mountain?
I don't think he's that stupid.
He should know his place.
How will this end?
Let’s discuss it again.
Cai Yun is in Luoyang now.
We can’t distract him.
How about this?
Go down the mountain in a few days
and meet Choi Moon-Kui.
It's about the gun.
I can buy it with money.
Brother,
We can still afford it.
Don't worry about money.
Just pass the message.
Yes.
Just now,
those two pieces are not good,
but you're a woman.
can kill one,
And one.
This is really amazing.
I admire you.
How dare you!
Don't you know what this place is?
Shut up!
I was just passing by.
Otherwise,
it's hard to say.
What a coincidence.
Miss, it's a coincidence several times today.
Is it that coincidental?
It's easy if you think it's too much. Goodbye.
Miss. Miss.
Sit down.
I'm just kidding.
Yes, Miss.
What's your name?
Where are you from?
I’m from Peking.
Peking, big place, big place.
Who are you?
You have good taste.
No, brother, you...
Miss, this is my brother.
He’s also the second master of the Yuxi Swordsman.
Master Huo Lang.
No, no.
What's wrong with you talking to a woman?
Go away.
Can't you see I'm talking to a girl?
Ignore him. Go ahead.
Mr. Huo.
No wonder I've never heard of it.
Miss, have you really never heard of my name?
Actor table.
Choi Bo-wol.
and actors.
Su Tianhui Yang Wanlin Zhao Dongliang Chen Yile Wang Lusheng
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Sheng, Yang Haoyu, Zhou Chaoyang.
to perform.
Zhang Hongbo, Gong Jianfeng, Li Kaiwu, Zhuang, Tao, Son Haochun.
Zhang Hongbo Gong Jian Feng, Sun Haochun from Li Kai Wu Village.
Ji, Chao, Zhao Zhigang, Kung, Ji Youyi Peng Zhenfu.
Xu Fu, Wu Jian-woo, Zhang Guangyan, Sun Yuanwen Chang, Qing.
Feng Yonghao, Wei, Long, Deng Baoquan
Li Jinyang, Zhang Jianing.
Li Zhendong, Chi, Rui, Zhang Ke'er, Yang Junjie. Cui Yuseok.
Zhao Jianhao, Li Xiaoyan, Dong Yuanqi
Staff table.
Director team.
Li Mengnan.
The production team.
Photography team.
Lighting Team.
The clothing team.
Shi Jangyeong.
The dressing team.
Art team.
Fair design, Zheng, Peng.
Props team.
Set team.
Action team.
Fireworks.
The gun team.
The recording team.
The venue team.
Driver team.
Wei Zidian, Qiao Chunsheng, Yang, Tao, Chen Jianfen, Kang Jiping.
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Wei Ran Jia, Zong
Wei Zidian, Qiao Chunsheng, Yang, Tao, Chen Jianfen Jiang Jiping.
Wang Bao Cheung, Su Gao Feng, Liu Deyu, Zhai Yongming. Zou Youwei.
Zhang Chenggui, Su Mingxin, Liu Hongxing, Di Yuping Xu Guanglle.
Xu Ian, Zhang Shou Qiang, Yang Yijiang
Teng Tie Yan, Xu Ian, Zhang Shou Qiang, Yang Yijiang
Ge Wenlong, Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang Zhang Jian Ping.
Cut.
I'm Lee Moon-jung from Team DIT.
Late production.
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
Zhang Yong.
A dubber.
Music production.
Theme song, Hero.
Rex.
Chen, Yue.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you.
Shandong Blumund Red Film Club. [National 4A Scene Area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Jintang Jun Kin.
The Public Government of Shanzhou District
[Civil Government of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou District]
The Civil Affairs of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou District
Shanzhou District, Temple, Village Scene area.
[Legal Consultant]
The legal consultant service unit.
Henan Lu Da Law Firm.
Special cooperation unit.
There are three Municipal Committee in total.
The People's Government
There are three branches in total.
There are three marketing departments in total.
The Commission of Shanzhou
The People's Government of Shanzhou District
Zhongtong Municipal County Commission.
Henan Boutique Co., Ltd.
Henan Booking Co., Ltd.
The Cultural Responsibility Co., Ltd.
[Sanmen Lanhu City Wetland Park]
Sanmen Cultural Tourism Investment Group.
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
Learning to strengthen our country.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural and Media Co. Ltd. Ltd. Ltd. Ltd.
Control unit.
Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.
[Joint Film Co., Ltd.]
[Joint filming unit]
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
Henan Provincial broadcasting station.
TV station?
[The show is about to start.] [It's a show.]
Henan Provincial Film Association
Henan Film and TV Group Co., Ltd.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Gansu Lanyi Culture Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Production unit.
Henan Elephant Film Production Co., Ltd.
Henan Movie Development Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Quan Zhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Zhang Bing will be rewarded first.